add minimal examples guide (#2978)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/troubleshooting.mdx

<Debug {answer} />
```

## Creating minimal reproductions

When you encounter a bug in Astro, it's most helpful to create a minimal reproduction of the issue. This helps us to understand the context, quickly identify the problem, and fix it.

A minimal reproduction should be a simplified version of the code that reliably demonstrates the issue.

### Create a StackBlitz via [astro.new](https://astro.new)

You can use [astro.new](https://astro.new) to create a new Astro project with a single click. For minimal reproductions, we recommend the minimal (empty) example, so you can isolate the issue.

We ask you to use [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com) because it allows us to quickly reproduce your issue without setting up a local environment. With a GitHub repository, we would have to clone it, install dependencies, and run it locally, which can introduce more issues.

> 

Reviewer: You might not be able to reproduce your issue in StackBlitz. For example, your issue might be dependent on a specific environment or package manager, or it may involve HTML Streaming, which isn't supported in StackBlitz. In this case, create a new Astro project using the CLI, reproduce the issue, and upload it to a GitHub repository. Then, link that in the issue.

> We ask you to use [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com) because it allows maintainers and people willing to help quickly reproduce your issue without setting up a local environment. Whereas with a complete project or repo, we would have to clone it, install dependencies, and run it locally, which can introduce more issues.

Reviewer 2: To be honest... yes. It requires more setup to ensure it _is_ a good repro (i.e. is small enough, isn't just an Astro versioning issue). It's also helpful as a handoff so we can modify the code in-place. If we find a fix while playing, we can send a modified link back to the issuer to say "this change seemed to resolve the issue. Let me know if it works on your end."

> We ask you to use [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com) because it allows maintainers and people willing to help quickly reproduce your issue without setting up a local environment. Whereas with a complete project or repo, we would have to clone it, install dependencies, and run it locally, which can introduce more issues.

Reviewer 3: Same opinion as Ben. The easier it is to get the reproduction started, the easiest it is. Stackblitz especially works well for this because it starts really quickly, but other options like CodeSandbox are also better than repos in most cases

### Minimal code

When your repo is set up in StackBlitz, go through all steps to reproduce your issue. This can include adding packages, changing configuration, etc.
You should only add the minimum amount of code necessary to reproduce the issue. This means that you should remove all code that is not directly related to the issue.

### Create your issue

> In most of Astro's repositories you'll find issue templates that will guide you on how to write good and understandable issues. It's important that you follow these templates as much as possible, so we don't have to go back and forth with you to get the information we need to solve the issue.
> 
> Share the link to your StackBlitz with us in your opened issue, Additionally, it should include clear instructions on how to replicate the issue and a description of the expected and actual behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most of Astro's repositories you'll find issue templates that will guide you on how to write good issues. It's important that you follow these templates so we don't have to go back and forth with you to get the information we need to solve the issue.

Share the link to your StackBlitz with us in your opened issue. Additionally, include clear, step-by-step instructions on how to replicate the issue and a description of the expected and actual behavior.
```

> ### Create your issue
> 
> In most of Astro's repositories you'll find issue templates that will guide you on how to write good issues. It's important that you follow these templates so we don't have to go back and forth with you to get the information we need to solve the issue.
> 
> Share the link to your StackBlitz with us in your opened issue. Additionally, include clear, step-by-step instructions on how to replicate the issue and a description of the expected and actual behavior.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
### Create an issue

If your issue can be reproduced, then it is time to create an issue and file a bug report!

Go to the appropriate Astro repository on GitHub and open a new issue. Most repositories have an issue template that will ask questions or require information in order to submit. It's important that you follow these templates because if you don't provide the information we need, then we have to ask you for it... and no one is working on your issue!

Include the link to your minimal reproduction on StackBlitz (or GitHub repository, if necessary). Start with a description of the expected versus actual behavior to provide context for the issue. Then, include clear, step-by-step instructions on how to replicate the issue in an Astro project.
```

<Debug {answer} />
```

## Creating minimal reproductions

When you encounter a bug in Astro, it's most helpful to create a minimal reproduction of the issue. This helps us to understand the context, quickly identify the problem and fix it.

A minimal reproduction should be a simplified version of the code that reliably demonstrates the issue.

> ### Create a Stackblitz via [astro.new](https://astro.new).

Reviewer 5: Nit: 'blitz' is capitalized in their branding, so I would change this for consistency. Also, heading with a dot.
```suggestion
### Create a StackBlitz via [astro.new](https://astro.new)
```

Author: Completely forgot that 🤦‍♂️! Thanks Yan!

We ask you to use [Stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com), because it allows maintainers and people willing to help to quickly reproduce your issue without having to set up a local environment. Whereas with a complete project or repo, we would have to clone it, install dependencies, and run it locally, which can introduce more issues.

### Minimal code

When your repo is setup in Stackblitz, go through all steps to reproduce your issue. This can include adding packages, changing configuration, etc.

You should only add the minimum amount of code necessary to reproduce the issue. This means that you should remove all code that is not directly related to the issue.

### Create your issue

In most of Astro's repositories you'll find issue templates that will guide you on how to write good and understandable issues. It's important that you follow these templates as much as possible, so we don't have to go back and forth with you to get the information we need to solve the issue.

> Share the link to your Stackblitz with us in your opened issue, Additionally, it should include clear instructions on how to replicate the issue and a description of the expected and actual behavior.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Share the link to your StackBlitz with us in your opened issue, Additionally, it should include clear instructions on how to replicate the issue and a description of the expected and actual behavior.
```

<Debug {answer} />
```

## Creating minimal reproductions

When troubleshooting your code, it can be helpful to create a **minimal reproduction** of the issue that you can share. This is a smaller, simplified Astro project that demonstrates your issue. Having a working reproduction in a new project helps to confirm that this is a repeatable problem, and is not caused by something else in your personal environment or existing project.

> Sharing a minimal reproduction is helpful when asking for help in our support threads is often required when filing a bug report to Astro.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Sharing a minimal reproduction is helpful when asking for help in our support threads and is often required when filing a bug report to Astro.
```
